Mamenchisaurus Skeleton
Meet Mamenchisaurus, a dinosaur whose body was found in what is now China. She is unique because her and her relatives have the longest necks for their body size of any dinosaur known. This Mamenchisaurus has a 30ft neck but only stands 11ft tall at the shoulder. When she was alive she weighed 13 tons, ate 1,150 lbs of food each day, and had no predators.
-----
Dinosaur Timeline
Scientists believe the earth was formed around 4,600 million years ago. By about 4,000 million years ago, the earth had cooled sufficiently for liquid water to appear, and the first life appeared soon after. For nearly 3,500 million years, all life was single-celled, but eventually multi-celled life evolved. During the Paleozoic Era (542 to 248 million years ago), which is itself divided into various periods (Cambrian, Ordovician, Silurian, Devonian, Carboniferous, Permian), the first fish, and later amphibians, reptiles and mammal-like reptiles, all appeared. There were some disasters during the Paleozoic Era, such as the Ordovician-Silurian mass extinction, and the late Devonian mass extinction, but life continued to evolve and diversify. At the very end of the Paleozoic Era, there was some terrible disaster (known as the "Permian mass extinction") when many creatures became extinct. Some entire groups of animals such as Trilobites and Sea Scorpions were completely wiped out, whereas others, for example, the mammal-like reptiles lost many species. Next came the Mesozoic Era (248 to 65 million years ago), which is itself divided into three periods: Triassic period, Jurassic period, Cretaceous period. Dinosaurs and other archosaurs (which means "ruling reptiles"), including crocodiles, evolved in the Triassic period. They remained the dominant land-creatures for the rest of the Mesozoic Era.
-----
Shooting Star
What we think of as a shooting star is really a small piece of rock or dust that hits Earth's atmosphere from space. It moves so fast that it heats up and glows as it moves through the atmosphere. What we call shooting stars are actually what astronomers call meteors. Most meteors burn up in the atmosphere before they reach the ground. There are real 'shooting stars', but they are actually called hypervelocity stars. These are big, fiery balls of gas rocketing through space at millions of miles per hour. When a binary system of stars is absorbed by the supermassive black hole at the center of a galaxy, one of the stars is consumed while the other is ejected from that galaxy at high speeds.
